HACKING.md - Snap automated builds (#3095)
canonical-web-and-design/snapcraft.io: HACKING.md

LOGIN_URL=https://login.staging.ubuntu.com
```

## Snap automated builds

To use this functionality, you need to set up test accounts with **GitHub** and **Launchpad** to test.

### GitHub

Go and [register a new OAuth application](https://github.com/settings/applications/new) in your GitHub account. You can fill in the form however you want, and the only important detail is that you set the "Authorization callback URL" to `http://localhost:8004/github/auth/verify`.

Once you've created the application, you should be given the client id and the client secret. Update your `.env.local` file with the your secrets:

```bash
GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=<Your client id>
GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=<Your client secret>
```

#### Use custom GitHub Webhook URL

> When you run the project locally, you probably want to link GitHub repos with your local environment; however, GitHub wouldn't be able to reach your localhost. You can use something like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to proxy your machine and update the following variable in your `.env.local` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run the project locally, you probably want to link GitHub repos with your local environment; otherwise GitHub won't be able to reach your localhost. You can use a tool like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to proxy to your machine and update the following variable in your `.env.local` file:
```
